blaz it Bear Creek asked how can you
tell a good pre-built PC from a bad one
and this is a complicated enough answer
that we've done an entire series of
videos multiple times breaking it down
because there are so many little things
that separate the good from the bad
packing quality the preconfigured
software the preconfiguration of the
bios for performance tuning all of these
things contribute to whether you're
going to get a good experience or a bad
one in the games you love of course the
biggest one is the configuration that
you're buying for the money and that's
something that a lot of people don't
realize you can't cut corners on you've
got to take the time to understand
exactly what components you're buying
how much you're spending and then
comparing that to the other SI that are
out there this video is sponsored by
nexigo you can check out their grip
conon case at the link in the video
description